Today is the festival, and I am afraid of being in a dark place.
Disturbing the character of the project,
Dantan’s character is the popularity of the main code,
thank you, thank you,
Thank you, thank you, don't call me that,
I have already divided into a backup group and dismissed them,
What, didn’t you hang out with Xiong Ye?
Who dares to go with you? Go,
I'm not here to do this,
I don’t know when it was not handed over,
Give something like that and something that you are willing to do silently,
When something happens, dogs also look at people,
Each one planted his own seeds,
For work, your name is Da,
You just thought that you were so hurt,
Go ahead, bring our current guests to the festival maybe,
true or false
Is this Master Wanjie?
Who else can I ask, Mr. Jin, but you don’t want it?
I'm ready to do it
You prepare my air belt
Right this
You're going to die soon. Yes, this, this.
After you meet this young master Wanjie,
Eat one thing and drink something spicy
Don't forget
Share some soup with us
That's it, don't worry
by us in
Go ahead and take the photo